Tell me guys, I'm here to make more
A video for you there is my request.
friend and reinaldo there that posted on your
channel on youtube
he was wanting to know a tip about
or break walls as you use them
So this video is only for that.
I already married how to use the wall break I
I paid to do 12 breaks walls.
I'm using four giants and my
Troop use is not because I use it to
form the video of today you just talk
about it and even how to break them
walls and properly start even I
I was in doubt and said that I used
he breaks the wall and he always touched the pit
I'll just show you how it's like
works as love breaks its pursuits
targets is say so seek the
violet that discusses kahn came to accelerate
in this video here
well this is it going to be 195 elixir
94 gold
this village even there we earn from it as
If you can see there, it's quite misaligned in
totally misaligned truths
mortars from there the tip is for who
is now starting the mortars three
mortars usually with them
triangular in phase they pick up phase
entire
That's it folks, but I'm coming back here.
main topic here about the envelope
The video today will start attacking by the
right side up where we have and litchi
and show you how the sea breaks
it works, it 's very simple, you break it
always going to try to attack the building
nearest is surrounded by hills
for example in this part that I go
to attack only two
medium
it goes straight as they can see I release
space for the cannon because the
cannon is is the construction and nearest
where I am your break wall in the case
come back again two breaks the girl he
go straight to archers tower
from the top because the underside of the
it is already open there so you do not need
open space which is the last update
super happy heaven modify this part
make the breaks much smarter
so they always go in my well in the middle
of the year in the nearest building
surrounded by walls, it does not matter if
is a gold garbage collector if it is
defense
it always goes on the closest it is
I will now destroy these
garbage collectors and go to see them
You try to destroy this torrent.
jack it down and then release
others break loving as you can see
this part that is open then release
two more breakers there he goes
Direct way ahead today is a
because there because the
construction is the closest construction
is surrounded by walls all around
open already then he
goes right there so the tip is always
this attention on you only breaks the mule is
only you put it in your head it goes
always try the way for the most
close to walls surrounded by
It matters to the patient whether he is
protecting the garbage collector and collector
gold or a cannon defense that is
he will always break a wall free
way to the nearest building
that I 'm going to make a way here in this
bottom with broken wall
as you can see there the cannon on the side
right was destroyed from a pause that only
we need to see if I drop another break
at the same place
he will attack what he will destroy a
wall on the left because it goes in
direction to the cannon that is there,
It has been destroyed over the side
right
we do not have to open that wall there
then it goes straight into the left eye and
that's it folks i hope they have
liked the video and is there to tip
who still did not know how the
for those who are
starting now
That was one of those attacks.
even show how we work
I was not aiming for an attack to steal
all right
but since I'm here it does not have an astral
remaining
I'll try to steal at least chinin today.
guarantees troops I used a village
very easy to be attacked still managed
take it all the hellish archers
basic personnel and personnel, I hope
liked the video and until the next
Do not forget to let a laity have
I'd like to subscribe to our channel
be part of our facebook page
and even more hug the crowd to
next